Firefox 133 release notes (#36984)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/135/index.md

---
title: Firefox 135 for developers
slug: Mozilla/Firefox/Releases/135
page-type: firefox-release-notes
---

{{FirefoxSidebar}}

This article provides information about the changes in Firefox 135 that affect developers. Firefox 135 is the current [Nightly version of Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/channel/desktop/#nightly) and ships on [February 4, 2025](https://whattrainisitnow.com/release/?version=135).

## Changes for web developers

### Developer Tools

### HTML

#### Removals

### CSS

#### Removals

### JavaScript

#### Removals

### SVG

#### Removals

### HTTP

#### Removals

### Security

#### Removals

### APIs

#### DOM

#### Media, WebRTC, and Web Audio

#### Removals

### WebAssembly

#### Removals

### WebDriver conformance (WebDriver BiDi, Marionette)

#### General

#### WebDriver BiDi

#### Marionette

## Changes for add-on developers

### Removals

### Other

## Experimental web features

> These features are newly shipped in Firefox 134 but are disabled by default. To experiment with them, search for the appropriate preference on the `about:config` page and set it to `true`. You can find more such features on the [Experimental features](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Experimental_features) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These features are newly shipped in Firefox 135, but are disabled by default. To experiment with them, search for the related preference on the `about:config` page and set it to `true`. You can find more such features on the [Experimental features](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Experimental_features) page.
```
